Sister, are you?
Xiaoyao, why are you here?
Run away
I stopped them.
Cha Cha Xiaoyao didn't do it on purpose
Please forgive him.
Sister, it's not me who's here to bully you
Make sure he pays off
You bet.
You trash
Dare to make Lao Tzu pay the price
Hahaha
Boy, do you dare to touch me?
He is from Lord Tiger
So what if you know Tiger Wang?
Xiao Yang, stop talking
Tiger is the boss of our city
How could it be sorry?
scared to death
This is my place
How are you?
How dare you hit me?
Believe it or not, I'll make a call.
As soon as the fire source arrives, you will feel better
Give you a chance
Hello
Tiger Lord
I'm not I'm a scumbag
There's a guy who's been making trouble all year round
I already gave your name, and he's still crawling
I don't take you seriously at all
Who is so brave
Lao Tzu is near your factory
Show me the person.
I'll be right there.
kid
I heard it.
Coming soon.
That's it, a knife of nonsense
I'll kill your whole family